README.md, before:

# tower-of-types
A numeric tower and related types implemented in Java.

This is a small part of a larger project I'm working on.  This library implements type interfaces and implementations using
Java's BigInteger and BigDecimal classes (although future type implementations may rely on other internal representations).
The idea is to create a type system that can work in very high precision for applications in modeling, numerical analysis,
and the implementation of high-level languages.  It's very much a work in progress at this time.

One goal is to implement complex numbers in a relatively clean way, with coercion to and from other types.  Other complex
number libraries exist for Java, but they usually rely on primitives (e.g., float or double) with limited precision, and
many implement complex as the base type with other types subclassing the complex type.  The problem with the latter approach
is that you wind up with integer types with methods that are simply inappropriate for anything but a complex number.  I am
attempting to avoid that and code to interfaces with the philosophy that interfaces trump object oriented inheritance
in utility.

The project currently relies on the big-math library hosted at https://github.com/eobermuhlner/big-math for some
trigonometric functions.  The Ant build script will automatically retrieve the appropriate Jar files and place them
in a lib directory within the project.  If you load tower-of-types into Netbeans, you will need to do a "Clean and Build"
at the root project node to obtain these dependencies.  If Netbeans prompts you to fix the dependencies, simply
cancel the dialog and do the build once to resolve everything.

Commit message:

Lots of refactoring to use annotations for some tasks.

README.md, after:

# tower-of-types
A numeric tower and related types implemented in Java.

This is a small part of a larger project I'm working on.  This library implements type interfaces and implementations using
Java's BigInteger and BigDecimal classes (although future type implementations may rely on other internal representations).
The idea is to create a type system that can work in very high precision for applications in modeling, numerical analysis,
and the implementation of high-level languages.  It's very much a work in progress at this time.

One goal is to implement complex numbers in a relatively clean way, with coercion to and from other types.  Other complex
number libraries exist for Java, but they usually rely on primitives (e.g., float or double) with limited precision, and
many implement complex as the base type with other types subclassing the complex type.  The problem with the latter approach
is that you wind up with integer types with methods that are simply inappropriate for anything but a complex number.  I am
attempting to avoid that and code to interfaces with the philosophy that interfaces trump object oriented inheritance
in utility.

The project currently relies on the big-math library hosted at https://github.com/eobermuhlner/big-math for some
trigonometric functions.  It now also relies on ClassGraph hosted at https://github.com/classgraph/classgraph for some
package scanning functions.  The Ant build script will automatically retrieve the appropriate Jar files and place them
in a lib directory within the project.  If you load tower-of-types into Netbeans, you will need to do a "Clean and Build"
at the root project node to obtain these dependencies.  If Netbeans prompts you to fix the dependencies, simply
cancel the dialog and do the build once to resolve everything.
